📖 Improve documentation for clusterctl pinning version (#6105)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/commands/init.md

You can specify the provider version by appending a version tag to the provider name, e.g. `aws:v0.4.1`.

> Even if slight verbose, pinning version provide a better control and what is installed, as usually
> required in an enterprise environment, especially if you rely on internal repository with a separated 
> software supply chain or a custom versioning schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if slightly verbose, pinning the version provides a better control over what is installed, as usually
required in an enterprise environment, especially if you rely on an internal repository with a separated 
software supply chain or a custom versioning schema.
```
